# Operation-Jungle-Vengeance
IDAP mission to restore civilian functions around the Horizon Islands Archipelago; this mission is set in the timeline within 6 months of the completion of Operation Tanoa Takedown.

Back Story for Operation Jungle Vengeance

During the brief combat action now known as Operation Tanoa Takedown; the USSOCOM forces acted in a much larger role than their footprint would indicate. It is believed they trained an estimated 5000 Tanoan citizens to act as a guerilla force; which created a major problem for the Chinese. This guerilla force led to the Chinese to sign a ceasefire and pull the remaining forces out of the area in advance of a US led invasion force (Task Force Blazer) that consisted of Australian, New Zealand, British, Singaporean, Japanese and French troops that were enroute from Hawaii via US Navy landing ships and Carrier Battle Group. It is believed that the guerilla actions led by the USSOCOM teams accounted for more than 50% of the known Chinese losses to combat and support personnel in the Archipelago. This deficit would have allowed Task Force Blazer to land with extremely light opposition and probably defeat the Chinese forces in a quick but violent operation. 
With Task Force Blazer being able to come on shore as quickly as they did; Task Force established an operating base at the Tuvanaka Airbase. The Task Force also began assisting the duly elected Tanoan government with rebuilding the civilian infrastructure as well as equipping and training the new Tanoan Defense Force and Police. A large IDAP relief large crew assisted with civilian reconstruction and ensured that the infrastructure rebuild was proceeding as it should to limit the possibility of diseases within the populace. After 6 months Task Force Blazer was dissolved and all combat units returned to their respective countries; with the exception of the US forces. They began work on a permanent base location at Tuvanaka as was agreed to previously by the Tanoan government for a military training and base lease agreement which was one of the catalysts for the Chinese invasion of the archipelago. This agreement was resigned by the new Tanoan government with the United States but also added that there would be a large multinational training area as well for British, Australian, French and German forces.  Meanwhile the large contingent of IDAP personnel was bringing in their demining and civilian affairs assistance program to help with the more remote areas; that had seen smaller scale engagements but still had significant damage to the infrastructure; what little of it there was before the Chinese arrived.
The permanently based US forces would include a rotating detachment of US Special Operations Forces as detailed by USSOCOM; to help train Tanoan Defense Forces and a new Tanoan Special Operations Forces and Special Police unit and assisting with drug and human trafficking interdiction. The primary forces located at the airbase was to be a complete air wing from the US Air Force, a rotation of battalions from the US 25th Infantry and 3rd Marine Division on 6 month rotations. The US Navy would it would place 2 destroyers and probably one of the newer LCS ships in the Archipelago once facilities were rebuilt near the Tuvanaka Airbase.
During the year after the pull out of all Chinese CSAT backed forces, violent crime had increased by as much as 50%. This is not only against individual Tanoan citizens but also against the now increasing tourist business. There has also been an increase in weapons, drugs smuggling and human trafficking activity through the ports and cities on the main island where the capital of Georgetown is located. Also the IDAP teams have had several hostages taken and no demands for ransom. They have received bloody uniforms and various body parts that have been identified as many of the kidnapped IDAP members. Tanoan Police have tried to crack down around the archipelago but have faced with staggering losses of men and equipment. Tanoan government officials have asked for UN assistance in the form of a military peacekeeping operation because they would not like to rely on the US Forces that are now coming into the region on rotation and the US Government wants even less to do with being the "police" for yet another nation for an extended amount of time. Some US SOCOM teams have taken part in raids against the criminals in advisory roles but that has tapered down as the UN has deployed CTRG teams into the region to help the Tanoan Special Operations and Tanoan Special Police units with their fight against the criminals in the archipelago.

Click here for the main OPORD and various WARNO’s to complete the command.
